docs: fix typos (#17)
serverless-stack/open-next: README.md

#### WORKAROUND: `public/` static files served out by server function (AWS specific)

Recall in the [S3 bucket](#s3-bucket) section, files in your app's `public/` folder are static, and are uploaded to the S3 bucket. Ideally, requests to these files should be handled by the S3 bucket. For example:

```
https://my-nextjs-app.com/favicon.ico
```

This requires the CloudFront distribution to have the behavior `/favicon.ico`, and set the S3 bucket as the origin. However, CloudFront has a [default limit of 25 behaviors per distribution](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/cloudfront-limits.html#limits-web-distributions). It is not a scalable solution to create 1 behavior per file.

> To work around the issue, requests to `public/` files are handled by the cache all behavior `/*`. The behavior sends the request to the server function first. And if the server fails to handle the request, it will fallback to the S3 bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To workaround the issue, requests to `public/` files are handled by the cache all behavior `/*`. The behavior sends the request to the server function first. And if the server fails to handle the request, it will fallback to the S3 bucket.
```

Author: `workaround` is a noun. I think we want `work around` as a verb?

This means on cache miss, the request will take slightly longer to process.

#### WORKAROUND: `NextServer` does not set cache response headers for HTML pages

Recall in the [Server function](#server-lambda-function) section, the server function uses the `NextServer` class from Next.js' build output to handle requests. `NextServer` does not seem to set the correct `Cache Control` headers.

> To work around the issue, the server function checks if the request is to an HTML page. And it will set the `Cache Control` header:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To workaround the issue, the server function checks if the request is to an HTML page. And it will set the `Cache Control` header:
```

CloudFront lets your pass all headers to the server function. But by doing so, the `Host` header is also passed along to the server function. And API Gateway would reject the request. There is no way to configure CloudFront too pass **all but `Host` header**.

> To work around the issue, the middleware function JSON encodes all request headers into the `x-op-middleware-request-headers` header. And all response headers into the `x-op-middleware-response-headers` header. The server function will then decode the headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To workaround the issue, the middleware function JSON encodes all request headers into the `x-op-middleware-request-headers` header. And all response headers into the `x-op-middleware-response-headers` header. The server function will then decode the headers.
```
